docs: Release docs1.27 for multiple ports (#4687)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/blogs/release-v127.en.md

If the diff looks good to you, enter "y" to deploy. Otherwise, enter "N" to make adjustments as needed!

## Enable multiple listeners and listener rules for Load Balancers

> You can now expose multiple ports through your Load Balancers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now expose multiple ports through your Load Balancers.

```

> You can now expose multiple ports through your Load Balancers.

Reviewer 2: nit: this description gives me the impression that "an ALB can listen to multiple ports, not just 80/443", which is not possible. 

I wonder what description would be more interesting to users (what are their end goals) ? Would they be interested in:
1. Exposing multiple container port, or
2. Being able to handle traffics from different path, host, or port using one service

Maybe it's the latter 🤔 ? 

I will throw out an idea here just to spin up the thinking 💭 :
```suggestion
A Load-Balanced Web Service or a Backend Service can now handle more variety of traffic now.
```

Reviewer 3: I agree that the main value prop isn't "exposing more ports", we should reframe everything to be about exposing additional listener rules for ALBs and listeners for NLBs.

### Add multiple host-based or path-based listener rules to your Application Load Balancer

> To expose multiple ports through the Application Load Balancer, we will configure additional listener rules through a new `http` field called [`additional_rules`](../docs/manifest/lb-web-service.en.md#http-additional-rules). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To expose multiple ports through the Application Load Balancer, we will configure additional listener rules through a new field [`http.additional_rules`](../docs/manifest/lb-web-service.en.md#http-additional-rules). 
```

> To expose multiple ports through the Application Load Balancer, we will configure additional listener rules through a new `http` field called [`additional_rules`](../docs/manifest/lb-web-service.en.md#http-additional-rules). 

Reviewer 2: Similar comment here! I feel like we might want to frame all these descriptions as "You can now handle xxx traffic in yyy way" instead of "you can now expose multiple container ports". The latter is just a mean to an end, and the end is the former.

It is as easy as configuring your `http` field. Let's learn through an example. 

Say we want to expand the basic manifest such that it opens up port 8081 on the main service container, and 8082 on the sidecar container, in addition to the existing `image.port` 8080.
```yaml

> # Example 1

Reviewer: great example!

name: 'frontend'
type: 'Load Balanced Web Service'
 
image:

>   build: './frontend/Dockerfile'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  build: Dockerfile
```

  port: 8080
  
http:
  path: '/'

>   additional_rules:             # The new field "additional_rules",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  additional_rules:            # The new field "additional_rules",
```
alignment

    - target_port: 8081        # Optional. Defaults to the `image.port`.
      path: 'customerdb'
    - target_port: 8082
      target_container: nginx   # Optional. Defaults to the main container. 
      path: 'admin'
    - target_port: 80

>       path: 'superAdmin'

Reviewer: reading the below section, i think it might be clearer if the `path` is the top item in each of the objects

sidecars:
  nginx:
    port: 80
    image: public.ecr.aws/nginx:latest
```

> With this manifest, requests to “/” will still be routed to the main container’s port 8080. Requests to "/customerdb" will be route to the main container’s 8081, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this manifest, requests to “/” will be routed to the main container on port 8080. Requests to "/customerdb" will be routed to the main container on port 8081, 
```

> , "/admin" to “nginx”‘s port 8082 and "/superAdmin" to "nginx"'s port 80. We should note that the third listener rule just defined 'target_port: 80' 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
, "/admin" to nginx on port 8082 and "/superAdmin" to nginx on port 80. Note that the third listener rule just defined 'target_port: 80' 
```

> and Copilot was able to intelligently route traffic from the '/superAdmin' to the sidecar container named nginx.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and Copilot was able to intelligently route traffic from the '/superAdmin' to the nginx sidecar container.
```

It is also possible to configure the container port that handles the requests to “/” via our new field under `http` called [`target_port`](../docs/manifest/lb-web-service.en.md#http-target-port)

### Add multiple port and protocol listeners to your Network Load Balancers
To expose multiple ports through the Network Load Balancer, we will configure additional listeners through a new `nlb` field called [`additional_listeners`](../docs/manifest/lb-web-service.en.md#nlb-additional-listeners).
It is as easy as configuring your `nlb` field. Let's learn through an example.

```yaml
name: 'frontend'
type: 'Load Balanced Web Service'

image:
  build: Dockerfile

http: false
nlb:
  port: 8080/tcp
  additional_listeners:
    - port: 8081/tcp
    - port: 8082/tcp
      target_port: 8085               # Optional. Default is set to nlb port of the specific listener 
      target_container: nginx         # Optional. Default is set to the main container

sidecars:
  nginx:
    port: 80
    image: public.ecr.aws/nginx:latest
```

> With this manifest, requests to NLB port 8080/tcp will now be routed to the main container’s port 8080. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this manifest, requests to NLB port 8080 will be routed to the main container’s port 8080. 
```
i think we can drop the traffic type

> Requests to another NLB port 8081 will be routed to the port 8081 of the main service container. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requests to the NLB on port 8081 will be routed to the port 8081 of the main container. 
```

We need to notice here that the default value of the target_port will be the same as that of the corresponding NLB port. 

> The requests to NLB port 8082 will be routed to port 8085 of the sidecar container named nginx.

Reviewer: what about nginx port 80?

Author: Customer can send traffic to port 80 if they want to. But in this case we aren't sending any traffic to port 80. But customer can access this port 80 internally (inside VPC) through SD.

If the diff looks good to you, enter "y" to deploy. Otherwise, enter "N" to make adjustments as needed!

## Enable multiple listeners and listener rules for Load Balancers
You can now configure additional listener rules for Application Load Balancer as well as additional listeners for 
Network Load Balancer.

### Add multiple host-based or path-based listener rules to your Application Load Balancer

> We can configure additional listener rules for ALB via new field [`http.additional_rules`](../docs/manifest/lb-web-service.en.md#http-additional-rules). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure additional listener rules for ALB with the new field [`http.additional_rules`](../docs/manifest/lb-web-service.en.md#http-additional-rules). 
```
matching tense with rest of post

> It is as easy as configuring your `http` field. Let's learn through an example. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's learn through an example. 
```
I think this was basically said above

> Say we want to expand the basic manifest such that it opens up port 8081 on the main service container, and 8082 on the sidecar container, in addition to the existing `image.port` 8080.

Reviewer 2: Can we modify this sentence as well to reflect the purpose of "handling different traffics" instead of "exposing ports"?

```yaml
name: 'frontend'
type: 'Load Balanced Web Service'
 
image:
  build: Dockerfile
  port: 8080
  
http:
  path: '/'
  additional_rules:            # The new field "additional_rules",
    - path: 'customerdb'  
      target_port: 8081        # Optional. Defaults to the `image.port`.
    - path: 'admin'  

>       target_port: 8082
>       target_container: nginx   # Optional. Defaults to the main container. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      target_container: nginx   # Optional. Defaults to the main container. 
      target_port: 8082
```
nit, just matches the way the sentence is written below

    - path: 'superAdmin'   
      target_port: 80
      

sidecars:
  nginx:
    port: 80
    image: public.ecr.aws/nginx:latest
```
With this manifest, requests to “/” will be routed to the main container on port 8080. Requests to "/customerdb" will be routed to the main container on port 8081, 
, "/admin" to nginx on port 8082 and "/superAdmin" to nginx on port 80. Note that the third listener rule just defined 'target_port: 80' 
and Copilot was able to intelligently route traffic from the '/superAdmin' to the nginx sidecar container.

> It is also possible to configure the container port that handles the requests to “/” via our new field under `http` called [`target_port`](../docs/manifest/lb-web-service.en.md#http-target-port)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to configure the container port that handles the requests to “/” via the new field [`http.target_port`](../docs/manifest/lb-web-service.en.md#http-target-port)
```

### Add multiple port and protocol listeners to your Network Load Balancers

> We can configure additional listeners for NLB via new field [`nlb.additional_listeners`](../docs/manifest/lb-web-service.en.md#nlb-additional-listeners).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure additional listeners for NLB via the new field [`nlb.additional_listeners`](../docs/manifest/lb-web-service.en.md#nlb-additional-listeners).
```

> It is as easy as configuring your `nlb` field. Let's learn through an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's learn through an example.
```
again, kinda redundant

```yaml
name: 'frontend'
type: 'Load Balanced Web Service'

image:
  build: Dockerfile

http: false
nlb:
  port: 8080/tcp
  additional_listeners:
    - port: 8081/tcp
    - port: 8082/tcp

>       target_port: 8085               # Optional. Default is set to nlb port of the specific listener 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      target_port: 8085               # Optional. Default is 8082.
```

>       target_container: nginx         # Optional. Default is set to the main container

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      target_container: nginx         # Optional. Default is set to the main container.
```
